chore: add limitations docs (#109)
googleapis/go-sql-spanner: docs/limitations.rst

Limitations
------------------------------------

Session Labeling
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cloud Spanner Session Labeling is not supported.

Request Priority
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Request priority can be set by unwrapping the Spanner-specific `SpannerConn` interface and setting the request priority as part of a db call.

Tagging
~~~~~~~
Tags can be set by unwrapping the Spanner-specific `SpannerConn` interface and setting the tags using that interface.

Partition Reads
~~~~~~~
Partition Reads can be done by unwrapping the Spanner-specific `SpannerConn` interface and doing the parition reads using that interface.

PostgreSQL
~~~~~~~
Spanner databases that use the PostgreSQL dialect are not yet supported.

Backups
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Backups for databases are not managed by Go driver so it does not support it inherently.
> In general, none of the Spanner ORMs / drivers are expected to support backup management.

Reviewer: Also here: Keep it simple. Users of `gorm` might not even know that there are other ORMs/drivers, and even if they do, they probably don't care.

```suggestion
Backups are not supported by this driver. Use the [Cloud Spanner Go client library](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-go/tree/main/spanner) to manage backups programmatically.
```
